# 3.1.1 to 3.2 Migration

## Inventory Management
The quantity available field on `BLC_SKU` as well as the `CheckAvailabilityActivity` and `DecrementInventoryActivity` have been added to the framework out of the box. If you have performed any of the steps from [the 3.1.0 to 3.1.1 migration doc](http://docs.broadleafcommerce.org/core/3.1/migration-notes/3.1.0-to-3.1.1-migration) then you should undo them.

## Page Field Data
The relationship of Pages to their PageFields has been changed from a ManyToMany to a OneToMany, with the owning column on `blc_page_fld`. This means that `blc_page_fld_map` has gone away and will no longer be used. To update your data, you can **at your own risk** run the following query:

```sql
UPDATE blc_page_fld f SET page_id = (SELECT page_id FROM blc_page_fld_map m WHERE m.page_fld_id = f.page_fld_id)
```

## ISO Country
Broadleaf adds a new entity called ISOCountry `BLC_ISO_COUNTRY` that represents the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO),
and defines codes for the names of countries, dependent territories, and special areas of geographical interest.

It is recommended that you load this table with all the alpha-2 codes provided in the
DemoSite SQL script `load_i18n_countries.sql`

## i18n Addresses
The Address domain has been refactored to allow for better internationalization.
In `BLC_ADDRESS`, the `state_prov_region` and the `country` columns have been deprecated.
The foreign key for `country` has also been dropped. The Country entity should
only be used for filtering and lookup purposes now. These columns will be replaced with
the following:

- `iso_country_alpha2` - a reference to an ISOCountry (i.e. the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code for the country where this address resides) (e.g. US, GB, IN)
- `iso_country_sub` - meant to signify the ISO 3166-2 code for the country subdivision (state/region/province) where this address resides. (e.g. US-TX, GB-LND, IN-DL)
- `sub_state_prov_reg` - a friendly name indicating a countries subdivision, i.e. State, Province, Region etc.. (e.g. Texas, London, Delhi)
